update Readme to match documentation (#52)
scaleway/serverless-scaleway-functions: README.md

## Documentation and useful Links

- [Official Scaleway Serverless Functions Documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/compute/functions/api-cli/fun-uploading-with-serverless-framework/)
- [Official Scaleway Serverless Containers Documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/compute/containers/api-cli/cont-uploading-with-serverless-framework/)
- [Scaleway Functions Golang Runtime](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-functions-go) (you `MUST` use this library if you plan to develop with Golang).
- [Serverless Framework documentation](https://serverless.com)
- [Scaleway Cloud Provider](https://scaleway.com)
- [Examples/Templates](https://github.com/scaleway/serverless-scaleway-functions/blob/master/examples) for different runtimes on Scaleway Functions

## Contributing

> This plugin is mainly developed and maintained by `Scaleway Serverless Team` but you are free to open issues or discuss with us on our [Community Slack Channels](https://slack.online.net/).

Author: ```suggestion
This plugin is mainly developed and maintained by `Scaleway Serverless Team` but you are free to open issues or discuss with us on our [Community Slack Channels](https://scaleway-community.slack.com/) #serverless-containers and #serverless-functions.
```
